[develop]: Add linkcheck & RTD theme; re-organize documentation (#263)
hafs-community/HAFS: doc/UsersGuide/source/BuildingRunningTesting/GitHubBasicSteps.rst

Users need a GitHub account to work with the HAFS repository. Instructions for creating an account are available `on GitHub <https://github.com/signup>`__ and via the `Earth Prediction Innovation Center website <https://epic.noaa.gov/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/Registration-and-Posting-on-the-UFS-Community-GitHub-Repository.pdf>`__. 

> #. Navigate to https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wiki/hafs-community/HAFS/docs_images/ForkHAFS.png. Locate and click on the "fork" button towards the top right of the page. Users can create a fork by selecting the default settings; more advanced users may opt to alter the defaults. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Navigate to https://github.com/hafs-community/HAFS. Locate and click on the "fork" button towards the top right of the page. Users can create a fork by selecting the default settings; more advanced users may opt to alter the defaults. 
```

>    .. figure:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wiki/hafs-community/HAFS/docs_images/ForkHAFS.png

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. figure:: https://github.com/hafs-community/HAFS/wiki/docs_images/ForkHAFS.png
```
